okay so this is called the psoas stretch
on the wall this is pretty much a
different way just to get the hip
flexors all stretched out it's less
convenient to do you can do it at work
as much as the other one but I think you
get a better stretch with it so what
we're gonna have her do we're going to
put this leg back right here and she's
not dragging the toe I prefer to drag a
toe it does not matter bring this foot
out the front here we missed our month
is hide you can of reach behind you and
you want to use the other hand to
support on the ball she's using her
elbow that's fine as well so we gonna
get the stretch all throughout this
front side right here
and once you contract the glute back
here virus by the larvae civilan
inhibition that's going to make it
impossible for these hip flexors to
fight this stretch that's why it's so
efficient
okay so as an added bonus which he can
do she's already doing it she leans the
side over there you can use that as well
to get this as well as any spasm in in
this back side right here on the right
we're going to show you from a different
angle now so go ahead go that way so
she's going to do the same thing the
foots gonna be back legs in front you
support yourself arms going back and
she's going to tilt the side to get the
added bonus stretch you want to hold
this for about eight to ten seconds you
can do it throughout the day especially
during periods of when you're doing a
lot of sitting so does it work you can
do it every 15 30 minutes or so so the
more off you do the stretch the better
you're going to be the most important or
the the most common mistakes people come
back with is these they have the wrong
arm up that's pretty much the only thing
and also the balance component is hard
as well but once you get the hang of
this is a great stretch
you